In this course, we'll make extensive use of OpenAI Gym,
an open source toolkit for developing and comparing RL algorithms.
We'll use four of the environments that are available as part of this toolkit.
The first is the frozen lake environment.
We will write an agent who can navigate a world
without falling into pits of frozen water.
Next, you'll write an agent to play blackjack.
Then, you'll work with another small world with
a large cliff where your goal is to avoid falling in.
The final environment is a taxi world.
We will train a taxi to pick up and drop off passengers as quickly as possible.
One of the really cool things about
OpenAI Gym is that you can record your performance.
So your agent might start off just behaving randomly but as it learns from interaction,
you'll be able to see it choose actions in a much more intelligent way.
What's also really cool is that if you're happy with how
smart you've made your agents or how quickly they learn,
you can upload your implementations to share your knowledge with the world.
But I won't keep you from it any longer.
For this lab, follow the tutorial links below to learn the basic syntax.
Although we won't use open agent just yet.
I highly recommend following the tutorial now to build
your excitement for the kind of implementations you'll build in this course.
We'll have to spend a bit of time developing that theory before jumping in.
But I guarantee you that it's more than worth it.